Notes on progress
=================
What I've created so far
	
- A JS library (semtag.js) which transforms an arbitrary selection of text in a document 
to one which would preserve the well formedness of the document
- A proxy solution which allows uses to use URLs to insert content from other webpages for tagging
	* The proxy solution also comments out iFrames and embedded scripts, as these could cause problems
	* The content is put in a div not an iFrame, 
as the javascript on the page could not access the document in the iFrame
- A tool for selecting the correct WordNet/DBPedia for a WordNet
	* Connects to the lexitag server
- A tool which matches WordNet senses to existing ontologies
- A library which attaches senses to the words using RDFa



## Some thoughts and reflections on why I've done what

Starting with the range finding was a mistake, 
as it made me look at well formedness before I had any of the essential functionality 

Focus has not been on optimization, but on simplicity of code. Mapping is done using js-mapping objects, not databases

I've created two basic algorithms for finding mappings. One starts by looking at all the ancestors, 
then at the siblings, then at the siblings of the ancestors. The other looks at the parent, then at the siblings, 
and then recurses through the chain of parents and siblings.

Whenever the algorithm finds a sibling, we do not use a direct mapping but map to that senses parent nodes. 
The rationale for this is that even if two sibling terms are not equal, their parent mappings should be equal.
Whether or not this turn out to be the case must be an empirical question, and it might turn out to be different for
different levels of abstraction.

The hope for the two different axis is that the parent will always preserve the sense of the word, 
while the siblings should be at the same level of abstraction as the sense we are finding a mapping from.

I do have some fears that the algorithm might be to naive, and that sibling relations might not be truth conserving.
One example of this is the fact that a sibling of Physical Entity maps to Intangible in schema.org. 
In it self this doesn't cause a problem since we use the parents of siblings, and Intangible is the child of Thing, 
the top level class. But it does draw attention to what might be a deeper issue. 
This example shows that there are cases where sibling senses can have opposite meanings, 
and some of these might belong to an ontology with more elaborate mappings, 
maintaining the semantics of the now wrongly mapped sense.

Again, whether this turns out to be an actual issue is something that can be tested empirically, 
but is a soar spot for the tool.

